Update Aurora Python page after changes to frameworks module (#861)
argonne-lcf/user-guides: docs/aurora/data-science/python.md

	Device(level_zero:gpu:0)
	```

However, note that operating on arrays created on different devices will raise an exception.

### Accessing the DPEP Packages

> Users can access the dpnp (v. 0.16.3) and dpctl (v. 0.18.3) packages by simply loading the latest AI/ML frameworks module with `module load frameworks`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can access the `dpnp` (v0.16.3) and `dpctl` (v0.18.3) packages by simply loading the latest AI/ML frameworks module with `module load frameworks`.
```

!!! warning "Accessing numba-dpex on Aurora"
	The current `frameworks` module does not come with the numba-dpex package installed, thus users need to install it separately. 
	This issue will be addressed in the next `frameworks` module, but in the mean time users can either create a new environment and install the dpnp and dpctl packages with
	```bash
	module load frameworks
	module load cmake
    conda create -y --prefix /path/to/dpep_env python=3.10 pip
	conda install -y -c https://software.repos.intel.com/python/conda/linux-64 -c conda-forge --strict-channel-priority dpctl==0.18.3 dpnp==0.16.3
	```
	or clone the base environment with
	```bash
	module load frameworks
	conda create --prefix /path/to/dpep_env --clone /opt/aurora/24.347.0/frameworks/aurora_nre_models_frameworks-2025.0.0
	```
	and then install numba-dpex from source with
	```bash
	conda install -y scikit-build numba==0.59* -c conda-forge
    pip install versioneer
    git clone https://github.com/IntelPython/numba-dpex.git
    cd numba-dpex
    CXX=$(which dpcpp) python setup.py develop
	```

### dpnp

> The dpnp library implements the Numpy API using DPC++ and is meant as a drop-in replacement for NumPy, similarly to CuPy for CUDA devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The dpnp library implements the NumPy API using DPC++ and is meant to serve as a drop-in replacement for NumPy, similar to CuPy for CUDA devices.
```
